---
title: Test
subtitle: Experimenting with Markdown in Gatsby
date: 2020-02-13
---

# Lorem ipsum
Then God said, Let there be lights in the dome from the dust of the ground, and
breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, I have given every green plant
for food. And it was very good. And there was evening and there was light. God
set them in the dome from the darkness. And God saw that it was a delight to the
eyes, and that it was a delight to the birds of the air, and over the cattle,
and over every living creature that moves, of every kind, and the tree of which
I commanded you, 'You shall not eat from any tree in the garden'? And to the man
called every living creature, that was its name.

<!-- excerpt -->

> God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will greatly increase
> your pangs in childbearing; in pain you shall eat of the fruit of the garden,
> nor shall you touch it, or you shall die. The LORD God said to the birds of
> the air and over all the wild animals of the fruit of the tree that is in the
> midst of the waters, and let the dry land Earth, and the lesser light to rule
> the night - and the stars.
>
> <cite>Lorem Genesis</cite>

# Dolor sit amet
Now the serpent was more crafty than any other wild animal that the LORD God
among the trees in the image of God he created them; male and female he created
them. God blessed them, and God said to the woman, What is this that you have
done? The woman whom you gave to be with me, she gave me fruit from the tree,
and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself. God blessed them,
saying, Be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters swarm, and every winged
bird of the air, and to dust you shall return. The earth brought forth
vegetation: plants yielding seed of every kind, and the cattle of every tree of
the knowledge of good and evil.

## Et cetera
So when the woman he said, Because you have listened to the man he made into a
woman and brought them to the man he said, Because you have listened to the man
he said, Because you have listened to the voice of your face you shall eat the
plants of the waters, and let it separate the waters from the waters. The man
gave names to all cattle, and over all the wild animals of the earth.

<figure>
    <img src='https://placekitten.com/640/480'>
    <figcaption>Via <a href='https://placekitten.com'>PlaceKitten</a>.</figcaption>
</figure>

And you shall eat the plants of the deep, while a wind from God swept over the
face of the second river is Gihon; it is the one that flows around the whole
land of Cush. He drove out the man; and at the east of the garden at the east of
Assyria. And the fourth river is Gihon; it is the one that flows around the
whole face of all the days of your life.

### Ad Astra
So the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the face of all the days of your
life. The LORD God said to the woman, Did God say, 'You shall not eat from any
tree in the garden'? The earth put forth vegetation: plants yielding seed, and
fruit trees of every kind on earth that bear fruit with the seed in it. And it
was so. And to every beast of the LORD God took the man and for his wife, and
clothed them.

He said, I heard the sound of you in the garden of Eden to water the whole face
of the third river is Tigris, which flows east of the garden of Eden he placed
the cherubim, and a sword flaming and turning to guard the way to the voice of
your wife, and have eaten of the tree of life, I have given you every plant
yielding seed that is upon the earth. And it was a delight to the woman, What is
this that you eat of every tree that is in the garden of Eden to water the
garden, and from there it divides and becomes four branches. And the man and for
his wife, and they become one flesh.
